Monitor Prep release (#21003)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-query/README.md

#### Handle logs query response

> The `query_workspace` API returns a either a `LogsQueryResult` or a `LogsQueryPartialResult` object, while the `batch_query` API returns list of `LogsQueryResult`, `LogsQueryPartialResult`, and `LogsQueryError` objects. Here's a hierarchy of the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `query_workspace` API returns either a `LogsQueryResult` or a `LogsQueryPartialResult` object. The `batch_query` API returns a list that may contain `LogsQueryResult`, `LogsQueryPartialResult`, and `LogsQueryError` objects. Here's a hierarchy of the response:
```
